Replace "Mesh Expansion" with "VM Support" and related edits. (#5215)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2019/performance-best-practices/index.md

Istio's performance depends on your specific setup and traffic load. Because of this variance, make sure your test setup accurately reflects your production workloads. To try out the benchmarking scripts, head over [to the Istio Tools repository](https://github.com/istio/tools/tree/3ac7ab40db8a0d595b71f47b8ba246763ecd6213/perf/benchmark).
{{< /tip >}}

> Also check out the [Istio Performance and Scalability guide](/docs/ops/performance-and-scalability) for the most up-to-date performance data for current and future releases.

Reviewer: We don't have any data for future releases :-)
```suggestion
Also check out the [Istio Performance and Scalability guide](/docs/ops/performance-and-scalability) for the most up-to-date performance data for the current release.
```
